Thomas the Tank Engine friend wooden
railway stories episode 38 little
Western Express episode suggested by
Thomas duck fan Sir Topham Hatt walk
early the next morning I better not
bother the engines better just go to the
docks and hope that ducking over there
and he soon got in his car and he
started to drive away Sir Topham Hatt
continued on driving gotta get to the
docks got to get to the docks he said to
himself and he was getting ready to
cross the rails his cars halting got out
great something's wrong
I'll have to get workman to come by
later luckily Caroline was close by
Caroline I need you to take me to the
docks well but Sir I'm so tired
it's an emergency Sir Topham Hatt got
into Caroline even though she didn't
want to go oh I can't go
I can barely cross the rails come on
Caroline
we need to get there as she continued
going on she had to cross the rails sir
I don't think I can do this you can
Caroline we need to get to the docks and
quick oh this hurts this hurts I'm not
young anymore
she said as she crossed the rails she
continued on going oh there they are
good they are Sir Topham Hatt soon got
out good to see you three back on the
rails you too said duck well I have a
important job what is it said Oliver I
only need you and duck sorry toad
ah that's fine mr. Topham Hatt that's
sir Sir mister the same thing well
anyways I need one actually I need both
of you really sir said duck and Oliver
together yeah Gordon got well he had an
accident yesterday what what happened
there's oil on the rails and as he went
down his Hill he crashed into Trevor and
well Gordon's gonna be out for a few
days so with him gone I needed somebody
to take the Express and you two seemed
perfect that sounds great we can do it
said Oliver and duck together okay good
Caroline can you take me back
oh no sir I'm overheated I guess we'll
send for a flatbed for you later told
can go with the flatbed Thank You mr.
Topham had that sir okay sir Oliver duck
can you take me to an effort with you
sure things that Oliver and Oliver went
out first Sir Topham Hatt got into
Oliver and don't fall behind as a to
drove to knapford station Oliver and
duck soon arrived at knapford station
they soon coupled up to the Express
coaches as Sir Topham Hatt got out thank
you you too said Sir Topham Hatt now I
got word that Caroline in my car along
with toad will be ready waiting right by
Gordon's Hill when you get to wellsworth
station so if one of you could take them
to the works that'd be great
I can't sit Oliver once we get down
Gordon's Hill I'll just uncouple and
switch lines and take them to the works
sounds great Oliver I'll meet you there
thank you guys a lot this means a lot to
me this should only be for a day or two
until Gordon gets back no problem sir
said duck well best be going said Sir
Topham Hatt
you're right to duck and Oliver and they
soon puffed away Wow the Express hit
Oliver acid duck a little Western
Express huh yeah if would have ever
thought that you and me of all engines
will be taking the Express I knows that
duck and the day we come back while Sir
Topham Hatt needed this though I know it
means a lot to duck and Oliver soon
stopped at the top of the hill man said
duck this look is beautiful I know
hopefully we get to take the Express
more often here I'm gonna run a couple
quick hopefully the momentum will let
you go down Oliver went down as duck
waited at the top Oliver quickly switch
to the other line and moved out of the
way for duck a duck came down
[Music]
thank you said duck I hope you enjoy the
ride the passengers on greed that they
did enjoy the ride as they went to
wellsworth on the other hand oliver was
on his way to the works over quickly
arrived at the works as he pushed Odin
to Topham Hatt's car into the works good
to see you sir oh good to see you too
said Sir Topham Hatt
thank you guys for taking the Express oh
no problem said over we enjoyed it we we
actually called ourselves the little
Western Express that's a nice name I'm
glad you guys enjoyed it hey do you guys
mind if you could do it again tomorrow
oh we love to Thanks
Gordon's gonna be out just one more day
but don't worry you guys can work on
your branch line again tomorrow okay
good so we take the Express at the end
of the day and you can work on your
branch line in the morning sounds good
sounds great said Oliver well we best be
leaving these three here come on let's
go back home to knapford
Oliver soon uncoupled from Caroline
sounds like a great idea
as Sir Topham Hatt got into Oliver and
Oliver and Sir Topham Hatt puffed away